if you look at these months two feet you
can really understand how they dispatch
their prey so quickly as you can see in
particular the back Talon is very very
long Pelin
that's the main healing weapon right and
and they drive it right to the hilt and
I had a Talon
put through the glove not aggressively
just uh excited and gripping and it
drove the Talon this town right to the
bones and fortunately it wasn't meaning
to hurt me you're telling me that this
this Eagle here could could actually
damage me through this close oh
absolutely
he's not gripping at all these feet are
much much more powerful for example than
a Rottweilers jaws of the two of us here
I am more intimidated by him than he is
of me yeah there are there hang out let
him hang limp yeah now you want to
rotate him so he's facing upward now
Berto regularly climbs up to eagle nests
to check the health of the chicks as
part of his job and this time he allowed
us to go with him it was a unique
opportunity to check out a nest and even
perhaps see a Wild Eagle trouble was the
nest was around a hundred and twenty
feet up in a very wobbly tree
[Applause]
[Music]
as well as a healthy hungry turkey size
chip the nest was littered with bits of
prey many slots and monkeys all pick
clean humans from her large framing but
we had to keep our time in the nest to a
minimum if we upset the mother it could
be very serious for us are we in any
danger here
Alberta from the mother coming back and
possibly taking offense to our visiting
her home it's quite rare it does happen
but it does
we'd be in a lot of trouble and why
didn't you tell me this is more
comforting not no whoa whoa she is huge
is that she does she he's looking right
at your head actually I can see it claws
[Music]